Fix bug so that `add_type` updates forward references in new type added (#92)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20231004_131631_huong_li_nguyen_fix_child_forwardref.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category.

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category.

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category.

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category.

-->

### Fixed

> - Fix bug on `ChildWithForwardRef.update_forward_refs()` having to be called explicitly ([#92](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/92))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug so that `add_type` updates forward references in new type added ([#92](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/92))
```

Reviewer: I haven't read or understood our scheme for writing the changelog yet, so ignore me if this isn't in keeping with our usual tone... but usually a good rule of thumb is that the things we write should make some sense to the end user. Since `ChildWithForwardRef` doesn't exist outside our test suite, it won't mean anything to user.

Author: Yes, that makes a lot of sense! I like the phrasing as well 👍
